---
title: "Maria Nagorski"
role: "Board of Directors"
---

Maria Nagorski joined the Board in 2012. A widely respected nonprofit leader, Maria has over 30 years of experience in community development, youth programs, social justice, and advocacy, working in the U.S. and internationally. Since 2013, Maria has worked as a consultant to various nonprofit organizations involved in social justice, youth development, and anti-poverty work. Her services include leadership coaching, nonprofit management, capacity building, executive leadership transitions, and planning for sustainability. Until 2013, Maria served as Executive Director of Fair Chance, a DC-based organization whose mission is strengthening the sustainability of nonprofit organizations to transform the lives of youth living in poverty. Her nonprofit leadership experience also includes serving as the founding Executive Director of the Center for Youth as Resources, a national organization promoting social change, innovative youth-led community service, and philanthropy, and Deputy Director of the National Crime Prevention Council. Her international training work spanned many countries and programs, including the Peace Corps, the UN World Food Program, and the International Youth Foundation in Poland. She was a member of President Obama's Advisory Council on Faith-Based and Neighborhood Partnerships, is an active member of Leadership Greater Washington, and a Purpose Prize Fellow. Maria received her BA degree from the University of Rochester and studied at the American University of Cairo in Egypt.
